###################################
July 30, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of July 30,
2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

****************************************
edX Release Announcements Mailing List
****************************************

These edX Course Staff Release Notes are always available and are updated with
each release of the edX Platform on `edx.org`_ and `edX Edge`_.

You can also sign up for the `edX Release Announcements mailing list`_ to get
an email message when we have updated the edX Course Staff Release Notes.

***************************************
edX Studio
***************************************

* In HTML components, users could not edit raw HTML in some versions of Internet Explorer. This problem has been fixed.

* A new **Correct or Past Due** setting in Problem components allows students to see the answer to a problem only if the student has answered the problem correctly or the problem's due date has passed.

***************************************
edX Learning Management System
***************************************
   
* On the edX.org sign-up page, the **Public Username** field is now above the **Password** field. 

* The appearance of the user profile area in the left pane of the student dashboard has changed.

.. The above changes are pretty subtle (see screen shot in PR#4453: https://github.com/edx/edx-platform/pull/4453); we may not want to include this in release notes.

* The display name for an open response assessment now appears in the course ribbon. (ORA-51)

****************
edX Analytics
****************

* New events have been created to capture account registrations, sign-ins, course enrollments, course unenrollments, enrollment mode changes, and enrollment mode upgrades. (WEB-874)

* Reporting in the Google Analytics interface has been improved. (WEB-874)

.. Should we add more specific info about this?


**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

.. I checked the change log, and the most recent changes listed appeared in last week's release notes.

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_ 

  Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page in the edX Studio
  user interface to access relevant sections in this guide. You can also
  download the entire guide as a PDF.
       
* `edX Research Guide`_

* `edX Developer's Guide`_

* `edX XBlock Documentation`_

* `Installing, Configuring, and Running the edX Platform`_  

**************************
Other edX Resources
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for details about the currently
planned product direction.

.. include:: links.rst